(ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง I have been training since before I was born, and today is the day. Today is the day I spam. (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง
▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼Sorry, I’ve dropped my bag of Doritos™ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ► ▼ ◄ ◄ ▲▲ ► ▼ ◄▼ ◄ ◄ ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ►
La Dong (∩ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)⊃━☆ﾟ. * ･ ｡ﾟ
͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Eᴠᴇʀʏ 60 sᴇᴄᴏɴᴅs ɪɴ Mᴜʀɪᴄᴀ, 60,000 ʙᴜʀɢᴇʀs ᴀʀᴇ ᴅɪɢᴇsᴛᴇᴅ. Tᴏɢᴇᴛʜᴇʀ ᴡᴇ ᴄᴀɴ sᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪs. Pʟᴇᴀsᴇ sᴘʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴛʜᴇ ᴡᴏʀᴅ. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes. Together we can stop this. Please spread the word ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
(ง ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)ง This is our chat mods (ง ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)ง (ง •̀_•́)ง Yeah beat it! (ง •̀_•́)ง
/╲/\╭( ͡° ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ͡°)╮/\╱\
(ง° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง
(•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■)
╰( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )つ──☆*:・ﾟCopius Pasterinus!
┏(・o･)┛♪┗ ( ･o･) ┓♪┏ ( ) ┛♪┗ (･o･ ) ┓♪┏(･o･)┛♪
(ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)ง ᴍᴀsᴛᴇʀ ʏᴏᴜʀ ᴅᴏɴɢᴇʀ, ᴍᴀsᴛᴇʀ ᴛʜᴇ ᴇɴᴇᴍʏ (ง ͠° ͟ل͜ ͡°)
RAVAGE 人人人人人 ╲⊚益⊚╱ 人人人人人
(ง⌐□ل͜□)ง WOULD YOU HIT A DONGER WITH GLASSES (ง⌐□ل͜□)ง
( ° ͜ʖ͡°)┐Born too late to explore the Earth, born too soon to explore the Galaxy. Born just in time to post DANK MEMES └( ° ͜ʖ͡°)┐
What the say did you just say fuck me about, you bitching a little? I’ll have you graduate I know top of my Seals in the Navy Classes, and I’ve been raided in numerou Al Quaeda secret involvements, and I have killed over 300 confirmations. I am a trained gorilla. In warfare, I’m the sniper arm in the entire US force tops. You are targeting me but I’m just another nothing. I will fuck you with precision the wipes which has never been liked before on this scene. Earth, fuck my marking words. You can get away with thinking that shit over me to the Internet? Fuck again, thinker.This chat is full of mentally retarded children, its like they all have one less chromosone and rub their faces against their keyboards hoping for attention, god only knows how they even press ctrl+ v, I swear to god none of you motherfuckers better copy and paste this or you’ll be in serious trouble
Hello am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play “heart of stone” and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on US server and i am rakn 23. pls no copy pasterino my story.
When a woman gets a vibrator, its seen as a bit of naughty fun. BUT when a guy orders a 240 Volt FuckMaster Pro 5000 blowup latex doll with 6 speed pulsating elasticized anus with non-drip semen collection tray , together with optional built in realistic orgasm scream surround sound system, hes called a pervert!!!
The stream starts, and so my spam begins. It shall not end until i am banned. I shall fear no mod, sub to no streamer. I shall live and die in the Chat. For i am the value in the bomber. I am the BM in the lethal. I am the salt in the defeat. I pledge my keyboard to the Chat, for this stream and all the streams to come.
That’s it, I’m done. Fuck this chat. It’s devolved into a mass of retarded copy pastes and face spam. The quality of twitch chat has been declining for a while, but this is the last straw. That’s it. I’m done. I’m uninstalling the internet, chopping off my dick and moving to fucking Antarctica, at least the bacteria there will be fucking smarter discourse.
gr8 b8 m8 no d-b8 i r8 it an 8 i h8 2 b in an ir8 st8 but its my f8hey m8 i apreci8 that u r8 it gr8 u wanna d8 and mayb masturb8 i can ask n8 and we can meet at the g8 dont b l8
Due to low salt reserves we here at Twitch/Amazon would like to ask the chatters not to spam the PJ‭Salt emote. It spills a lot of salt every time and we estimate there are only about 100 PJ‭Salt usages left. Thank you.
Hello, my name is Hugo Alfredo, i am 14 years old and from chile i watch this stream everyday since my father died in a donkey-waggon accident, now i am finaly make rank 20 in heart of stone, before i only rank 21, sowie for bed englando. pls pls dunt copi espastiro
Guys can you please not spam the chat. My mom bought me this new laptop and it gets really hot when the chat is being spamed. Now my leg is starting to hurt because it is getting so hot. Please, if you don’t want me to get burned, then dont spam the chat
Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a walrus. I know there’s a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I’m different. On December 14th, I’m moving to Antartica; home of the greatest walruses. I’ve already cut off my arms, and now slide on my stomach everywhere I go as training. I may not be a walrus yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest walrus
Dearest (insert name), this is the Donger Police. We have inside information that states your chat has not been raising a sufficient amount of dongers. We are going to have to shut down your stream if you don’t ask your chat to raise their dongers.
O Tania, where now is that warm cunt of yours, those fat, heavy garters, those soft, bulging thighs? There is a bone in my prick six inches long. I will ream out every wrinkle in your cunt, Tania, big with seed. I will send you home to your Sylvester with an ache in your belly and your womb turned inside out. Your Sylvester! Yes, he knows how to build a fire, but I know how to inflame a cunt. I shoot hot bolts into you, Tani
Ｈｅｌｌｏ <<NAME>>，　ｔｈｉｓ　ｉｓ　ｔｈｅ　ａｄｍｉｎｉｓｔｒａｔｏｒ　ｏｆ　ＰｏｒｎＨｕｂ™　ｗｅ　ｈａｖｅｎｏｔｉｃｅｄ　ｙｏｕ　 ｈａｖｅｎ’ｔ　ｌｏｇｇｅｄ　ｉｎｆｏｒ　２　ｗｅｅｋｓ，　ｗｅ’ｒｅ　ｊｕｓｔ　ｃｈｅｃｋｉｎｇ　ｔｏ　ｓｅｅ　ｉｆ　ｅｖｅｒｙｔｈｉｎｇ　 ｉｓ　ｏｋａｙ　ａｎｄ　ｗｅ’ｖｅ　ｐｒｅｐａｒｅｄ　ｙｏｕ　ａ　ｌｉｓｔ　ｏｆ　ｖｉｄｅｏｓ　ｆｒｏｍ　ｙｏｕｒ　ｆａｖｏｕｒｉｔｅ　 ｃａｔｅｇｏｒｙ　（Ａｓｉａｎ）．　Ｓｅｅ　ｙｏｕ　ｓｏｏｎ!
ｗｈｅｎ　ｉ　ｆｅｅｌ BLANK，　ｍｙ　ｈａｎｄ　ａｕｔｏｍａｔｉｃａｌｌｙ　ｇｏ　ｔｏ　ｔｈｅ　ｄｉｃｋ．　ｉ　ｓｔｒｏｋｅ　ｔｈｅ　ｄｉｃｋ　ａｎｄ　ｆｅｅｌ　ｉ　ｈａｖｅ　ｓｅｘ　ｗｉｔｈ　ｔｈｅ　BLANK．　ａｌｌ　ｂｅｃｏｍｉｎｇ BLANK2.
ヾ(❛ε❛“)ʃ SPOOKY SCARY SKELETONS SEND SHIVERS DOWN YOUR SPINE SHRIEKING SKULLS WILL SHOCK YOUR SOUL SEAL YOUR DOOM TONIGHT ヾ(❛ε❛“)ʃ
Hello im a 1 month old banana. Since i fall off the tree i watch leek of legends and wantto become Soraka’s bestest banana but im afraid Wukong will eat me. Pls dont laugh at my story!
Hi, I am man. I stuck my d*ck in a car. Now my sexuality is exhausting. Please for your support, no copper pastarino.
I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me “Apache” and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can’t accept me you’re a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
Me and a clay man I made are in love. Greek clay is named after “plastelini” so I call my new boyfriend plastelino. I baked him so his clay penis will always be hard. I know he understands me because when I tell him my problems he sits fearless, calm and silent and listens to me. Then we fuck. I am happy at last I found true love. Please dont copy plastelino.
Here’s the thing. You said a “trilby is a fedora.” Is it in the same family? Yes. No one’s arguing that. As someone who is an atheist who studies euphoria, I am telling you, specifically, in atheism, no one calls trilbys fedoras. If you want to be “specific” like you said, then you should too. They’re not the same thing. If you’re saying “fedora family” you’re referring to the euphoric grouping of le reddit army, which includes things from neckbearded gentlesirs to highly intelligent intellectual like Smoke Degrasse Tyson, Reddit’s Chief Supreme Ambassador of atheism and logic, and myself, the Deputy of Science and Crows. So your reasoning for calling a trilby a fedora is because random people “say that only neckbeards wear fedoras?” Let’s get Mountain Dew and Doritos in there, then, too. It’s okay to just admit you’re wrong, you know?
What the fuck did you just fucking call a crow, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Corvidae Academy, and I’ve been involved in numerous research trips on crows, and I have counted over 300 birds on them. I am trained in avian warfare and I’m the top biologist in all of reddit. You are nothing to me but just another redditor. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this website, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with calling a jackdaw a crow on the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of crows across the USA and your profile is being traced right now so you better prepare for the downvotes, maggot. The brigade that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your karma. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can downvote you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my 5 alternate accounts. Not only am I extensively trained in biology, but I have access to the entire gold reserves of reddit and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the internet, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
Γεια σας παιδιά. Eπέστρεψα από τα 600 δευτερόλεπτα ban μου. Σε αυτή την ώρα κατάφερα να τελειώσω την έκθεση μου σχετικά με την Ναζιστική Γερμάνια.  Η άποψη μου είναι ότι τα πιστεύω του Χίτλερ και των Ναζιστών βρίσκουν συνέχεια από τους Moderators αυτού του chat που πράττουν σαν να είναι κυριολεκτικά ο Χίτλερ. Πιστεύω ότι θα πάρω τουλάχιστον 90 από τους 100 πόντους για αυτή την έκθεση. Παρακαλώ όχι αντιγραφή-επικόλληση.
Well respected redditor with 197 IQ here just chiming in. Seeing as how you’ve got a number of viewers would it be to hard to maybe mention reddit,com? It’s a place to discuss the latest in dank memes, funny jokes, atheism, my little pony and the subtleties of picking up milady’s.
FrankerA FrankerB FrankerC FrankerD FrankerE FrankerF FrankerG FrankerH FrankerI FrankerJ FrankerK FrankerL FrankerM FrankerN FrankerO FrankerP FrankerQ FrankerR FrankerS FrankerT FrankerU FrankerV FrankerW FrankerX FrankerY FrankerZ
